Jordan Cruz-Correa

New York, NY
jccdev45@gmail.com
Personal Site: https://jccdev.vercel.app
Github: https://github.com/jccdev45
LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/jordan-cruz-correa

Professional Summary

Experienced frontend-focused software engineer with a strong background in React, Typescript, and NextJS. Skilled in developing responsive and user-friendly web applications using cutting-edge JavaScript frameworks and libraries. Proficient in HTML, CSS, and TailwindCSS to create visually appealing interfaces. Familiar with backend technologies such as Supabase and Node.js, and open to exploring full-stack opportunities. Demonstrates exceptional problem-solving abilities and thrives in fast-paced environments. Committed to continuous learning and staying up-to-date with the latest trends in web development. Seeking a challenging role to contribute technical skills and creativity to drive innovation in exciting projects.

Skills

FRONTEND
React
JavaScript
TypeScript
NextJS
TailwindCSS
shadcn-ui
Remix

BACKEND
Supabase
Firebase
NodeJS
Express
PostgreSQL
Bun

TOOLS/PLATFORMS
Git/GitHub
VS Code
Vercel
Netlify

SOFT SKILLS
Problem-solving
Adaptability
Teamwork
Customer Service
Written Communication
Public Speaking
Stress Management

Projects

Portfolio
Developed a personal portfolio website to showcase skills and projects.
Implemented a responsive design for optimal viewing on various devices.
Technologies: Next.js, React, Tailwind CSS, TypeScript
Live: https://jccdev.vercel.app

Old Portfolio Website
Developed a personal portfolio website to showcase skills and projects.
Implemented a responsive design for optimal viewing on various devices.
Technologies: React, Styled Components, JavaScript
Live: https://jccdev-old.vercel.app/

Work History

Freelance - NYC, NY
Web Developer
January 2020 - Present
Utilized technologies such as NextJS, React, Typescript, and TailwindCSS to deliver responsive and performant web solutions.
Adhered to SEO best practices while designing sites.
Discussed site and app requirements with clients to produce actionable development plans.
Completed full redesigns of existing websites to improve navigation, enhance visuals and strengthen search engine rankings

Zou Zou's - NYC, NY
Line Cook
November 2022 - February 2023
Instructed new staff in proper food preparation, storage, use of kitchen equipment and sanitation.
Set up and prepared cooking supplies and workstations during opening and closing to maximize productivity.
Prepared multiple orders simultaneously during peak periods with high accuracy rate, maximizing customer satisfaction, and repeat business.
Prepared food items in compliance with recipes and portioning control guidelines

General Assembly - NYC, NY
Teaching Assistant
March 2020 - September 2020
Supported online classroom activities, tutoring, and reviewing work.
Tutored struggling students individually and in small groups to reinforce learning concepts.
Helped with grading assignments via Github code review, providing constructive feedback to students based on results.
Acted as team lead for student project weeks, providing direct support and guidance for capstone project completion

Luz Electric and Control Systems Inc. - NYC, NY
Electrical Helper
January 2013 - January 2018
Provided and assisted with new electrical installations, repairs and services at locations all throughout New York City.
Directly interfaced with customers to assist them in selecting the best possible products for their needs, in accordance with job requirements and trade regulations

United States Army - Fort Bliss, USA
Power Generator Equipment Repairer
January 2008 - January 2012
Provided maintenance and repairs for various diesel generators powering anti-air missile defense systems.
Troubleshot according to regulations and kept timely logs for all work performed.
Acted as the sole generator mechanic for various diesel generators powering anti-air missile defense systems.
Worked with and learned from both wheel mechanics and warrant officers to maintain and repair generators as needed

Education

Institute of Culinary Education
Certificate of Completion Culinary Arts 2023
May 2022 - January 2023

General Assembly
Certificate of Completion Software Engineering Immersive 2020
October 2019 - January 2020

Code Immersives (Digital Film Academy)
Certificate of Completion Web Development Immersive 2019
September 2018 - August 2019